everybody welcome back and rely on
plates of mining about skenfrith plus
and the last two challenges were like a
joke
WAKAWAKA is like a pacman or side game
kid not to infringe on copyrights only
failed to on the way okay so it's game
kid and maybe like a bunch of battery
charge items yeah totally
7k IP v v3 have nothing that matters I
guess it's actually oh because we make
like power pellets I see
I was just incorrect so this is actually
like a fairly tough challenge I don't
remember how we did on this the first
try but I do seem to recall saying the
words Wacka Wacka a lot and I'm not the
kind of guy who starts the challenge and
then just goes along Calaca you know
that's the Fozzie Bear sort of thing so
I think that probably means that it
might have been a little bit of a you
know touch-and-go situation the first
time I cannot say for certain I will say
I could completely understand how a run
like this would go south my hope is that
we can avoid that
so we'll see what do we need to make
this pop piercing shots high damage high
rate of fire freezing tears or another
tear effect that has like you know
similar sort of value or like a lot of
HP would also be pretty good I'm a
little embarrassed of that damage we
took there but you can always go back
for those other red hearts as is
necessary I'm kind of uh I'm trying to
play the games game right now but if we
can find alternative ways to win that's
fine by me as well I don't know why that
sounded so suspicious we could find
alternative ways to win wink wink if we
could defeat mom and win the challenge
for example I don't know what these
voice is but it hurts me a great deal to
continue doing it really that's Paula
fucking toys so I'm not going to
claimed ownership of that death card
very nice
or should I say I'm going to use it
right away better for rooms like that
than for bosses so feel like that was
incredibly justifiable pin is actually
probable disregard pin is a nightmare
and love is a battlefield I was going to
say pins like our ideal choice for this
present situation that is ignorant of me
apparently pin is actually awaking
existential threat because he is
incredibly affected by the anti
gravitational field of our tears so we
really only want to shoot when he's in
that situation right there luckily we
made it we got to tears upgrade we've
got some extra HP we've got enough money
for an arcade which we really want in
order to get blood bag is the big one
there let's see what else you can pick
up here though that was a decent finish
to that floor at the very least so the
right way to handle this is to get oh
the bombs actually attracts as well I
didn't know that um might seem a little
weird but I don't think well I didn't
see the tips drop but until then I was
like I don't think we should use the
bomb to get a key necessarily because
we're going to use very few keys over
the course of this run and bombs on the
other hand could be extremely valuable
the screw is a little bit of a
double-edged sword but not really like
it's still valuable
the downside to it it's still very
valuable actually it almost doubled our
rate of fire but the downside to it is
you know the more tears that are on the
map the more things we have that
influence the gravity I really thought
that was not going to hit a bit of a
bummer there but actually it's an
extreme bummer because there's a lot of
deal with the devil items that could
work out really well for us we've still
got a chance just a worse chance I
actually thought you were a stone man
from old Valyria but
luckily we got out of it without being
too afraid for our lives if you can find
a secret room that'd be nice for doing
well on consumables dude knows goblin is
potentially extremely good in most
situations it's pretty good but if this
leads to us being able to stick enemies
especially if our damage improves just
stick enemies and then run away I'm a
happy camper I think we'll check for one
secret room and then after that we'll
just leave it's not that I don't want to
go to the shop instead I want to
preserve our bombs so Larry jr.
presumably also somewhat affected here
he's a cool little like you know
hyperbola going on there hyperbola is
actually like a mathematics thing right
I know that parabola is as well this is
now I've got a like test my nerd cred
hyperbola a hyperbola is the symmetrical
open curve formed by the intersection of
a circular cone with a plane at a
smaller angle with its axis than the
side of its cone yeah will you stupid
idiot you didn't know what a hyperbola
is it's a symmetrical open curve formed
from the intersection of a cone with a
plane there's an angle with its axis
lower than the side of the cone are you
just like if we we learned that in
second grade I didn't learn that in
second grade
I was poked that was them to pull the
veil back was making a joke about the
internet and how like if you ever talk
about anything related to school it's
always like didn't learn that until then
look I am NOT a genius but I'm somewhat
bright I'm you know I've lived in this
brain and body for 28 years I know I
know my limitations I know my strengths
and I know my limitations verbally think
I'm pretty strong a verbal reasoner
spatially idiotic just actually like a 1
out of 10 on the on the text reading the
skill tree there used to be illogical as
well but programming has helped you know
short-circuit that a little bit which is
nice but anyway I'm going to tell you a
bunch of things that that will make you
think that the educational system in
Canada is broken we didn't learn about
the existence of negative numbers until
we were in ninth grade now whenever
people hear that they always go ninth
grade that's crazy we learned about it
in 6th grade and then somebody from you
know Beijing comments we learned about
it in second grade and then somebody
from the planet Zebulon goes well we
learned about it earlier negative 20
which would be I guess somewhat ironic
but you know in the end I don't think it
matters all that much you know the whole
point while that's not totally true I
think the reason I'm a staunch proponent
of math education by the way I think the
way we treat you know I'm not Salman
Khan but the way that we teach maths and
talk about math in North America is very
strange we teach it as if it's something
to be afraid of and people go Oh Mac you
know that's like some you're either born
with an ability to do math or you're not
like then if you do if you're not born
with it then don't even try right but
that's stupid it's just it's math the
reason I think the math education is
important is because it teaches logical
steps doing things
it teaches processes you got two numbers
you want to multiply them together
here's what you do you got two equations
you want to solve them by substitution
here's how you do it it's just like
increasingly complex processes to learn
but they are all built on each other so
you know if you take them piecemeal it's
not that difficult but
anyway I don't think the point of math
beyond like fourth grade is to like hey
if you don't memorize the quadratic
equation and you're 28 and you can't
recall it immediately then we've failed
you as a math teacher I think it's more
you know who I you to respect logical
processes then that's they've succeeded
in their goal then but I'm getting a
little bit on my own but I will admit
the same thing like I always I get made
fun of and deservedly so because I have
a degree in biology and I never use it I
worked for it I have the transcripts to
prove it but it is fair to say I don't
have that much offhand knowledge that
would blow your socks off when it comes
to biology but you know what it's like a
bachelor's degree in biology teaches you
added no respect primary sources respect
stats the confidence interval of
statistical significance and how to use
the library basically those and how to
culture egg are on a plate I'll give you
that one as well dude a same could be 10
out of 10 here now you might have wanted
to take the nail but anyway I digress
I am of the opinion that education is
more about learning how to learn at
least in this point in time maybe not so
when you're lower so set maybe not so
when you're you know in first grade
they're teaching you some very vital
skills that almost everybody's going to
use at that point here's how to read for
example you know here's how to add two
numbers together here's how to subtract
two numbers together or from one another
rather you know here's how to construct
a sentence those are valuable but I
think like that stops being applicable
like in your first year of high school
you stopped learning skills that
everybody's going to use on a regular
basis and instead they're like well we
can't trust you to live on your own yet
because you're 14 so you kind of got to
keep you in this daycare we're just
going to kind of like over learn you for
most professions but it'll it'll lead to
you doing something that hopefully you
enjoy later in life
like I took two years of high school
physics I'm not saying that makes me
kneel smoke deGrasse Tyson but you know
learn about lots of stuff optics fluid
dynamics thermodynamics how to use a
calorimeter inelastic elastic collisions
and setter etcetera
I remember none of it I could I could
probably tell you what the Heisenberg
uncertainty principle and that's it but
doesn't mean it was bad to learn I'll be
on the last run the last two floors so
here's how we win this
worst case scenario by some spirit
hearts hopefully coast apart from that
the the ideal for us is essentially why
do I pronounce it like that essentially
baby I can't fast as much longer I can't
hit that note he's getting stronger and
stronger need a sensual healing okay
don't take two hits you can never afford
to take two hits in that situation our
luck stat is also garbage by the way but
um if we can just buy enough spirit
hearts to keep ourselves doing okay here
we should be good
I recognize it looks like I'm playing
like trash right now part of the reason
for that is because it's a hard run and
this is not an easy one it's WAKAWAKA
nonsenses tear me apart here I'll pay
seven cents for a card because if it's
like a teleport card it would have been
amazing Wheel of Fortune is just okay
it's not terrible we can get some value
out of it will we get seven cents of
value out of it probably not we're also
dealing with base damage we're largely
unconcerned because our rate of fire is
better than base as a result of the
Wheel of Fortune as a result okay well
so I'm a little mad because the slot
machine would not let me pass I'm not
going to belabor the point all that much
but I'm like a little upset about that
one I really thought we could just push
past it but it decided
that would not be tenable but I think if
we knock this one out
are we actually on 20 if we knock this
one out like we're on challenge 20 is
what I mean to suggest there well this
is a bit of a nightmare just stick them
with as many knows goblin tears as you
can as you can muster there
it's like compound interest it's like
slowly Oh some of the more I couldn't
tell they look like they got sort of
unintentionally going to work them
together here I was really expecting to
just walk into them and take a couple
hits and use the same to kill them but
we crush them like the new fashioned way
so that's ideal definitely should have
gotten the red hearts there but dude
we're probably as a result of this going
to win old bandage is fine as well it
doesn't need to pay out very much for us
to win guaranteed so smart money blow
this thing up get some cards
High Priestess moon kind of open for on
Zeus a little bit of a garbage set up
here but well moon it up might take us
closer to the boss we're kind of just
racing against time at this point damage
is still I mean base though you've got
my challenge run slipping away can't
think of the words to make it patter
walk up fucker flame I still can't say
it can't you see that boom boom boom
boom boom-boom damage got that super
bass man it's okay you know one of these
days one of these days are going to get
another thirsty level parity the thing
is you got to throw darts at the board
they hit a bull's-eye you guys ever
think that darts is like the ultimate in
games that lied to you why is the
bullseye so special on a dartboard if
the real thing that you want to hit the
vast majority of the time is triple 20
of all of things like I've I was taught
to play darts by my father it's not an
exceptionally
implicated game to learn but definitely
like the first question I ended up
asking is like what it would so you
actually are not aiming for the bullseye
in every piece of media like in it just
weird reactors in archery the aim for
the bullseye why is darts like darts is
like hey we're like little archery but
by the way we're completely different
this is where I shouldn't even talk
about sports that are popular in the UK
because I can't wait for the comments
like that called darts
they're called dart sports called dudes
look at the silly uh colonial calling
the game snooker it's snooker head on
down to the draught house pick up a
lager if you wanted look I don't
actually hate the UK I just find it the
thing is frustrating about the UK is
that they're us but just slightly
different which just makes the
disagreements that much more annoying
because they're closer to home like we
went to the UK for like a paradox thing
four hearts of iron for two years ago
two and a half years ago now and I was
like I came back and I was like I
haven't really had I gotta be honest
with you
Europeans are always talking about how
good their beer is relatively North
America they always go oh lol North
American beer Andy well actually I'm a
virgin in crafts even though hahaha I
only buy beers brewed by Trappist monks
from the 13th sent anyway so I came back
and I was like you know what I'm not
trying to insult the whole country
because I I was going inside on scene
but I didn't have that many good beers
in the UK and I was trying to mix it up
you know we went to some some places
that had you know is outrageously large
beer lives bare lives and then people
went well did you get beers or did you
get AIDS and I said well I they're the
same thing and they said oh you stupid
colonial no they're not well here they
are you don't get if you don't go to a
bar and you go eh I'll take you know a
beer and they go sorry this is an ale
house you know ale is a type of beer
here it's just why don't we just all get
on the same pages when I'm trying to
Jeff very worried about this high
priestess card don't get hit by the
things that hurt you for one full heart
we should have it okay I'm never
touching boss rush I'll tell you that
much
get me out of this one we finished it
again I feel like okay first off death
touch great on lock I feel like whenever
people go on this mean they always go
like Oh things are stupid over there
that's not what I'm saying just that the
fact that they're so close and yet so
different is what makes things confusing
although I will say the fact that you
know tails and beer are different things
like if you go to an ale house there's
not going to be beer there this actually
doesn't make any sense to me but this is
because it's colored by where I grew up
as well admittedly I'm not without my
own biases that is a little silly though
in my opinion I and I will say there's
probably some you know the snooker thing
I'm in the minority at least the people
who are aware of it okay there is the
proper way to pronounce it and I
pronounce it incorrectly relative to the
majority you know guilty
however the ale and beer thing I think
you know let's let people not from the
UK and not from Canada answer that and
we'll see who's in the majority because
I'm telling you ales a type of beer
it's like going to with it I went to a
whiskey place so they didn't have
whiskey with an e they only had a
whiskey with a Y and you're gonna say
it's different and I'm like yeah no I'm
with you but it's not so much different
that I'd be like I'd expect to find a
place that was that you know up its own
but about it I guess is what I'm trying
to see look I'm not trying to make
anything all right so we're doing the
host on this challenge it also just goes
to mom and it starts with three HP in
the Mulligan I'm not going to even talk
about spider Valley like it exists
spider babby is basically like getting
one extra bad item room in terms of its
expected value so at least in my opinion
so I don't think that's particularly
strong but starting with the Mulligan is
like an actual 10 out of 10 start so if
we lose an Isaac run where we
essentially trade the d6 for the
Mulligan we don't deserve to be this
challenge first try anyway all I'm
saying is can't we all just get along
I'll start calling it's snooker but
you've got to admit first off it sounds
Dutch and secondly maybe Swedish
secondly you got to admit an ale as a
beer like if I ask you what what kind of
drink is Newcastle Brown and you said
it's an ale and I said so it's a beer
and you said no it's an ale I mean
around here them's fightin words is all
I'm saying because if you you know it's
like why you trying to be better than me
it's a beer it's just it's swill that we
put into our gullet you know it's the
opiate of the masses to distract us from
our inevitable see the thing is you're
being pedantic is we try to get at okay
dude that we can cement our victory like
right here
I don't know anymore like I don't have
more UK any more UK metaphors going to
the UK was very strange for me and I'm
going to explain why see that's how you
introduce your essay topic while also
giving yourself a few minutes to think
about what you're going to say it's not
exotic to go from Canada to the UK
because we're kind of like as much as
we're close to America as well we're
like a little amalgamation up here we're
half UK half u.s. we're like the US but
we have HP sauce and I've like been in
households that have Bo bro you know I
understand now that one I might
genuinely be mispronouncing okay don't
squander this one too soon you know I
understand where you're coming from on
that one it's beep T u P not bad
actually but you know you go to the UK
and you're like what am I going to eat
okay fried meats and potatoes or meats
baked into a pie it's not that exotic
you know if I went to like Indonesia I'd
be eating some weird stuff
and that's apparently how I judge my you
know how exotic a holiday is is do I
speak the language and what the heck are
those people eating over there
everything there's some validity to that
but at the same time Kane I you know
we've made a habit of going to Japan and
people think it's exotic and it isn't
not exotic but it's also like to get to
Japan from Vancouver it's like hopping a
bus it's like a hopping on a nine-hour
bus it's long it's I mean that's long as
far as flights go but you know I've been
on longer for example flying to the UK
that was like an 11 hour trip we were
lucky to get as a wrecked flight but
anyway nobody cares about flying you
know we've been over this 20 times but
then you go to Japan you're jet-lagged
you take a sleep you wake up at 6 a.m.
and you're good for the
I'm there I never got over my jet lag
being in the UK so it was weird I was
like I'm in accented Canada except I
feel like my brain is broken for 11 days
straight anyway more props to you over
there keep it up double-decker buses the
London Eye and accidentally going to the
wrong pubs that are all owned by the
same management group apparently anyway
let's let's go for broke here we have no
space bar item so we'll take book a sin
take sister Maggie just as a way to deal
extra damage I think sister Maggie may
also serve as a mulligan engine for us
she just smiled gave me a mulligan
engine my favorite British song how
strange
nlf's an Australian song is it Colin
Hays from Scotland did I just double
back on you did I just pull a John
McClane pistol duct tape to my back sort
of move
I think it's conceivable I really think
like we should rethink condoms like it's
got to be honestly okay I love you if
you're watching this in your American I
respect you okay I really do
your country's done some amazing things
it's going buck wild down there right
now you guys are like everything's on
fire everybody hates each other it's
manifesting itself in some of the ugly
ways it's just a mess we got our own
problems up here I'm not gonna say that
we don't but I'm like I'm out America
enjoy you know stick with Mexico Bermuda
the Caribbean etc etc all those
countries in Central America you can
have North America I want to form like a
northern continent it's us the UK and if
the UK doesn't want to you know get back
into relationship that quickly I guess I
can understand but you know we'll take
Scotland and Ireland
I want Iceland in the Faroe Islands as
well
we're very culturally different but I
think that'd be sick dude we get like
hey check out my friend
he's from Iceland or rather he is
Iceland
that would be cool not just in the
status Nebula I'm going to take a trip
to my friend's house he lives in a
Carrera anyway not ukulele different
different things keep moving here you're
doing okay now still need to up our
damage though 3.5 damage is making me a
salty boy uh you know I wouldn't mind
having Sweden Norway Finland up there we
can get Denmark why not Estonia you're
welcome Latvia Lithuania welcome we're
forming a new northern continent okay
you're invited
I'll put aside my differences with the
rest of Canadians as well as far as I'm
concerned you're cool you know we got to
stop making fun of each other though you
know Alberta I'll stop calling you Texas
as long as you stop making fun of the
fact that my province is on fire can we
like it's on fire all that yeah I know
it's expensive here and it's on fire and
people are snooty okay but like at least
we don't have truck nuts see we can put
these differences behind us if we could
we got a band together okay I've just
saved northern continent 2020 I feel it
coming
think of the concerts do break the
weekend
Bjork sigur rós various Danish artists
Peter Bjorn and John Abba various
Finnish artists of which I'm sure there
are many Robin probably she strikes me
as being up here
Jen's Lakme other Swedish artists
probably some euro pop is what I'm
thinking there anyway
I know what you're thinking I'm in
northern Germany can I be invited I'm
sorry we gotta draw the line somewhere
it's nothing against you guys but you
know we started letting northern Germany
in and then all the sudden France is
like hey we get in and then America's
like but we're on the same latitude and
we got to be that's awkward
and we'll rejoice it's like breaking up
with your high school sweetheart for a
bit in college you know America we're
like until previous like very recently
we were each other's number one trading
partner I'm not even saying you're on
the wrong path although I think it's
implicit that's that's basically what
I'm saying but I just I think it would
be better if we worked our stuff out
separately for a while and then maybe
reconvene in a set period of time and
see how things look then perhaps I think
maybe anyway alright this is kind of a
moment of truth here to be a little
scared about this situation that that
worked out the way it did because
contract from below could be good for us
here either that or I'm still down I
mean I don't know the logistics of any
of this because I'm just telling a joke
so believe in the Geneva Convention it
says you don't need to have a reasoning
for every single one of you jokes but
it's been a while since I've read the
comedy section of that war crimes
tribunal ruling but I'm still down for
the West Coast as well you know Cascadia
so just hit me up I'm probably the guy
you need to talk to if you're like the
leader of Washington Oregon California
then get me up we'll work something out
you know I don't want to secede from the
rest of Canada necessarily but I've got
to admit it will be pretty cool
Canada's like you're at like a pretty ok
party right but then there's like four
people there that you really relate to
and you're like you guys just want to
like go somewhere quieter we can play
like a board game or something yeah that
would be Cascadia if we could just be
like a sub country in Canada
or in North America I suppose we could
be like we could be like Greenland
Greenland's like a country that's not
really a country I'm trying not to
offend my like you know single green
landish viewer here but you're like a
country but you're also dead and I
respect that
I kind of admire it in many ways you
know you're like a derived class country
the base class is Denmark and then
you've inherited its laws and taxes but
then you got your own you override your
own methods in your own unique way
yes that was a joke about inheritance
and programming and then there's a pun
because the capital of Greenland is a
city called nook and am i proud of
myself I want to say no but the truth is
I am so we're gonna leave here you know
what let's go to the curse room we need
some we probably don't need it but we
would like some curtain power we're not
really crushing it right now this is a
great situation surprisingly great
situation in that if two years dude look
at this it was already a great situation
but then it became even greater one
internal heart is worth nothing here one
internal heart with four years our two
year of ruins is worth two full HP
upgrades considering we only got two
more floors to go after this we're
starting to pop why did I come back in
the district anyway I'm not trying to
insult the place that anybody else lives
again I can't stress enough Canada's got
its own problems average price of a home
Vancouver is like 1.4 million dollars or
something right now whole province is on
fire when camping can't even have
campfires of the whole province is on
fire air pollution was like among the
worst in the world because of the fires
most of the time it's like quite
gorgeous but you know you're breathing
in like smoke from all over the freakin
province here anyway the point is not to
mention you know Vancouver in particular
within Canada within British Columbia
has its own nexus of drug abuse and
mental health problems and you know
burgeoning racism and etc etc and also
those snooty Millennials with their
dollar coffee's probably the biggest
problem out of all of those ones that I
just mentioned and I am not telling a
joke I am that millennial anyway I'm
just saying dude it's why the laziest
Capstone's any joke ever
it's wild yeah man it's wild I mean like
cool what's going on there I mean it's
crazy out there other such comedian
interstitials inserted as such anyway
speed down I mean I'm pretty close to
taking that as a joke but I don't know
if this runs in joke territory yet
we're like one piercing shots upgrade
away from being able to afford taking a
speed downgrade at which point I'd be a
happy boy but right there yet please
give me a teleport card the lovers not
as good as a teleport card but still
very good
we might I mean you saw how close wakka
wakka came to death this shouldn't be
nearly as bad because this run is
actually great it's pretty much
exclusively because of the addition of
the Mulligan but still we could also be
using acid baby like a little bit more
effectively I'd be the first person to
tell you that so you know it's best to
be using pills on rooms with enemies
when you have acid baby especially now
that we probably identified many but
Sophia what I'm asking for here ideally
is if I could pick up like a tears or
damage upgrade because we could win this
one all the way to mom all the way to
Reno buy REM be some songs I mean it's
not it's no man on the moon it's no
stand and I mean it's definitely no
Radio Free Europe talk about the passion
etc etc you know from the college radio
days but the songs all right I mean it
made it onto the best of automatic for
the people era you know double-sided
classic night swimming deserves a quiet
night etc etc Michael 5 stripe gum
talking about dude it's a damage upgrade
that's the kind of commentary you get
when you got to fight a champion version
of dirty for like 20 minutes
we should we really should actually and
straight-up we're burning like the
midnight oil right now so I am going to
be using bombs to kill enemies I'm going
to be using cards to get whatever I can
get out of them
which you probably should be doing on a
regular basis but we really were in a
race against the clock at this point not
a great use of a full health card if I'm
being real with you but that's okay but
you know we got a newfound sense of the
importance of this run because we're
getting that much closer to the end this
might be one of the few challenges by
the way where we don't have the ability
to actually to actually even try to do
boss rush we were kind of on pace but
like every room that we do without
getting substantially stronger is just
slowing us down
who would have thought this would be a
slower run than waka waka which I'm now
realizing I probably will never have
occasion to say again so you know what
cheers to you like a lack ins and you're
a Tolkien esker cellar-door that's a
phrase that's convenient to say hey what
are you guys like more as far as the
movies in this duology go the graduate
or postgraduate starring Alexis Bledel I
don't know because the sequel it
answered a lot of questions about the
original like you know what does he do
in the plastics industry um see that's a
mantra narrow wait wait wait I can use
the soundboard in Issac videos I just
realized give me a second to not get
killed on this room and be something
like it really didn't like what they did
with the sequel starring Alexis Bledel
well you know good-good gurus you say
you Gilmore Girls alum from The
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants she
was in that you can check an IMDB if you
don't believe it
that's like my ideal you know Lindsay
Lohan the limit does not exist Mean
Girls climax probably have weird awkward
order for that sentence to go into but
anyway you know question that wins me
pub trivia at the end of the day name
all four of the members of The
Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants was
Alexis Bledel Amber Tamblyn America
Ferrera and who is the fourth sister
hood of the Traveling Pants let me just
look at a picture
it's a blonde lady but Blake Lively yo
that's the that's the second movie
though is she and the Blake Lively was
the other one who would have thought
Blake Lively like by far I would say the
most famous of those uh of those
actresses now I didn't even realize she
was like an also-ran I knew everybody
else I never read The Sisterhood of the
Traveling Pants books or watch the movie
but I was aware of its existence
that sounds nefarious but you know you
just nod just happen to be on earth when
it came out we should probably go to the
shop and look for like blue candle or
something like that but you should also
probably like mind your own business
getting real nosy lately hypothetical
straw man waiting in the skinny he'd
like to argue with you muddy this
construct of your mind he's a strong
and dude we got the ability to fly we're
going to get some damage this is a win
it's not only this has been a marathon
episode we're like 36 minutes in but
it's been like a little bit of a long
one as far as like this challenge goes
to full health pills worth set and may
actually still be able to get to boss
rush although we should pretty much just
not care being at 7 damage is so good
now I say it every time we got like a
fly setup but like for real I mean that
stings a little bit sir but the more
damage you have the better off you are
for so many reasons
one of which is just that your flies do
more damage so you know it's really like
a rich get richer sort of situation the
better your flies are the more efficient
your flies become as a result of the
fact that you need less of them to kill
an enemy either way even with the recent
tiers downgrade there should be pretty
much no cause for alarm here if we if we
break it up something's gone terribly
wrong I think we should probably just
Coast this one into the the gold post
here be like Arsenal try to walk it in
something something that it crowd VA een
you know I've never seen I'd probably
seen like two episodes of the it crowd
I'm more familiar with Garth Moran G's
dark place even though I haven't I've
seen it it's kind of it's come to more
media attention lately maybe not I'm not
trying to hipster it up and be like well
I knew better before was five legs it
was recommended to me by someone who
knew about it before it was popular I
knew about it when it was popular but
I've been seeing more Darth Marais or
Gardner and Eve Darkplace reverences pop
up recently so what happened with you
and this renwick customer
anyway it's a good good good show
recommended you're interested in shows
if you like watching entertainment
programs it's a good one I would
recommend watching it you know what I
wouldn't recommend watching Thor the
dark where I'm no K I'm not going to go
back down that tan it's just unnecessary
at this point poor Chris Hemsworth he's
been through enough ok we're done I'm
pretty flies we're set
it's over keep full health because we
can use that to poison mom if necessary
oh my god at this point this is if
there's one problem with Isaac this is
it right here where you're just like at
least on some of the challenges you're
like I've won just take me to your
leader here's my impression of someone
who's never read Harry Potter trying to
get a synopsis of it take me to dear
readers ok doesn't I don't even know
what dear reader is isn't that a youtube
series based on Harry Potter or
something anyway dear reader
my name is Potter Harry a dear readers
you got a magical array of spells my
friends is Ron Hermione - they're all
wizards and I am 2d readers my name is
that array ok that's dear Prudence one
of the most beautiful songs ever written
by me
I got no bombs
I got no bombs but I must blow you know
one step closer here please excuse me
allow me to introduce myself I'm a man
of wealth and taste I'm a man
Potter hey Rey better wizards are long
okay you know you get the idea
what do you oh oh you know that I mean
maybe like I don't know sure it flying
is pretty sick but like so is tapping
this button 30 times in killing mom
because our damage is okay I think you
got to give this sytem some respect at
this point paid for itself like
extremely literally
the muggles always told me what's right
is right got a scar that looks like a
bolt of lightning kinda gets in there
okay I can't just do having that there's
a series for you man who read one Harry
Potter book when he was 10 makes up
songs about Harry Potter using popular
American music as touchstones anyway
it's a Polaroid we made it
dude what do we get for that one tech
point five that's a great item thanks
for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
upset a great deal of course subscribe
you wanna see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I will see
you next time